MagicMidiController

This is a firmware providing "magic" MIDI learning functionalities for
normal MIDI devices (not MachineDrum or MonoMachine specific). The
magic MIDI learn functionality allows the user to quickly MIDI learn
the last 4 moved MD parameters. It also allows for the recording and
overdubbing of knob movements synced to the MIDI tempo.

The firmware provides 4 automagic pages. To switch from one page to
another, hold down Button1 (top left), and press one of the 4 encoders
to switch to the corresponding page (P0 to P3).

New feature: magic learning. Every page (P0 to P3) is a simple
controller page with 4 encoders. After switching on, these four
encoders are not assigned. Move some parameters on the connected MIDI
device, and then press Button2 (the bottom left button). The
MiniCommand will MIDI learn the last 4 moved parameters and display
their channel and CC numbers (in hexadecimal and starting from 0, so
for example channel 1 CC 30 is going to be 01E, channel 5 CC 72 is
going to be 448). This way, you can move parameters on the connected
device, then quickly assign these on the MC, and switch to another
page or track on the connected device while still being able to tweak
the previous parameters. This is incredibly useful when playing live:
you discover a nice sound combo, but want to modify something else
without losing the ability to tweak the previous sound.

New feature: configuration of sync and merging. Hold down Button1 (top
left) and then switch the MiniCommand ON. CLK selects the input port
(IN1 or IN2), SND activates sending out of the clock on the MIDI
Output, and MRG selects which messages on the second MIDI input will
be merged into the output stream (CC, NOTE or SYX
messages). MonoMachine Sysex messages won't be merged correctly (for
now).

New feature: knob movement recording. When MIDI sync is enabled, you
can record knob movements for each of the 4 encoders. Make sure that
the sync is running (the left LED is blinking), hold down Button3
(bottom right), and turn the encoder while Button3 is held down. This
will record the knob movements as long as the button is held down (and
for a duration of 2 bars). When you release the button, the recorded
sequence is played back. You can overwrite the recorded movement by
holding down Button3 again, and moving the knob. This way, you can
easily evolve the recorded sequences. To clear a sequence, hold down
Button4 (top right), and press the corresponding encoder. This will
clear the recorded sequence. The recorded sequences are also cleared
when a new parameter has been assigned to one of the encoders. To
clear all the recorded sequences, hold down Button4 (top right), and
press Button1 (top left). This will clear all the recorded sequences
on all pages.

