MDNotesRecorder

This is a simplified version of MDNotes (just monophonic), with
recording function (in very early beta).

Connect a keyboard to the second input of the MiniCommand, select a
destination track on the MachineDrum by using the TRK encoder, and
start to play your melodies.

Built in is a very simple looper (as a beta for now). Press Button1
(top left), and it will begin recording for 1 bar (16 steps) on the
start of the next bar. The debug numbers of the display will count up
accordingly. To play back the recorded loop, press Button2 (bottom
left). It will loop the recorded bar. To stop play back, press Button3
(bottom right).

Also, if you want to record the loop into the MachineDrum, follow
these steps:

1) stop loop playback on the MiniCommand by pressing Button3 (bottom
right)

2 ) stop the playback of the MD completely (press STOP two times)

3) then activate live record on the MD (REC + PLAY)

4) press Button4 (top right) to activate playback

This will playback the recorded pattern in a weird way (necessary for
clean recording of the param locks): in the first bar just the track
is triggered to record the hits, and in the second bar, just the CC
parameters are sent to set the param locks. After these two bars, stop
the MachineDrum, and the pattern should be recorded correctly. This
will be simplified in the future by having the MiniCommand generate
the param locks and store them directly into the pattern.

Also, the recording quantization is not very good now, as it will not
move notes hit in front to the correct step. This will be fixed soon
as well. Until then, have fun :)

New feature: configuration of sync and merging. Hold down Button1 (top
left) and then switch the MiniCommand ON. CLK selects the input port
(IN1 or IN2), SND activates sending out of the clock on the MIDI
Output, and MRG selects which MESSAGES on the second MIDI input will
be merged into the output stream (CC, NOTE or SYX
messages). MonoMachine Sysex messages won't be merged correctly (for
now).

New feature: automatic detection of global and kit. When connecting
the MC to the MachineDrum (both input and output), it will detect the
loaded GLOBAL settings and the loaded KIT. It will flash "LOADED KIT"
followed by the KIT name. This allows the MC to use the current
channel settings and the configured triggers for each track (set in
GLOBAL -> MAP EDITOR). It will reload the kit automatically every 3
seconds, and detect changes of GLOBAL and KITs. However, it won't
detect if the currently used GLOBAL has been modified, you need to
switch to another GLOBAL and then back to reload a GLOBAL. This is a
good way to detect if the MC is connected correctly. If it doesn't
load the KIT automatically, either IN or OUT is not connected
correctly.

Improved feature: additional melodic machines. Additional melodic
machines (such as GND-SN, E12-BC, etc...) are available for the
arpeggiator.
