MDPatternEuclid

This is a modified version of the pitch euclid firmware that writes its results
directly into the MD pattern. 

The firmware uses two configuration pages, which can be selected by
holding Button1 (top left) down, and selecting the page by pressing one
of the first two encoders. The two pages are: "EUC" (to configure the euclid
parameters) and "SCL" to select the scale settings.

On the first page, you can select the number of different pitches in
the bassline (PTC), the number of pulses in the pattern (PLS) and the
length of the pattern (LEN). The pulses will be distributed
equidistantly in the generated bassline, for example PLS: 3, LEN: 8
generates the pattern X . . X . . X . , while PLS: 2, LEN: 5 generates
the pattern X . . X . The start point of the pattern can be set with
OFF. Pressing the first encoder randomizes the pitches in the
bassline.

On the second page, you can configure the destination track of the
generated bassline. The machine on this track must be melodic. When
turning the knob, melodic machines are indicated by their name, while
non-melodic machines will show "XXX". SCL selects the scale which is
used to generate the bassline. 0: ionian scale, 1: aeolian scale, 2:
blue scale, 3: major pentatonic scale, 4: major maj7 arpeggio, 5:
major min7 arpeggio, 6: minor min7 arpeggio. OCT selects the number of
octaves the generated bassline will span, while BAS selects the base
note of the generated bassline. Depending on the selected track and
machine, this will be outside the range of the melodic machine and
will need to be adjusted.

The recognized machines and the automatic kit loading work just like
on the normal MD Pitch Euclid firmware. However, the big difference in
this firmware is that it stores the results directly into the pattern,
and thus does not need to send out MIDI notes. It loads the current
pattern over sysex (the sysex message is quite big, so it will usually
take a few seconds after switching a pattern to have it loaded). Once
the pattern has been loaded, the minicommand will flash "PATTERN" and
the pattern name.

Notice that this will not track changes made to the current pattern
itself. If you modify this pattern (for example by adding triggers or
param locks), you need to have the Minicommand reload the
pattern. This is done by pressing Button2 (bottom left). After a few
seconds, the Minicommand will flash "PATTERN" and the pattern name.

To store a new melodic line on the MD, press Button3 (lower
right). This will generate a new bassline according to the scale and
euclid settings, and store it on the MD by sending a pattern sysex
message to it. This can be used while the pattern is playing as well!
However, note that sending a new pattern will cause the MD to reload
the pattern kit, so that changes made to the kit will be lost.

This firmware does not handle 64 steps patterns yet (just up to 32
steps).
